ash

5

pil-139.10

C
ou

rt

Explanation II.­ In sub­clause (b) of clause (2), the 
reference to Hindus shall be construed as including a 
reference   to   persons   professing   the   Sikh,   Jaina   or 
Buddhist religion, and the reference to Hindu religious 
institutions shall be construed accordingly.”

                 Conscience can be defined as moral sense of right or wrong  
as applied to one's own judgment and actions. In the case of    Ratilal  
Panachand Gandhi and others v. State of Bombay and others,  the 

ig
h

Apex Court considered  the  concept of  religion.  The  Apex Court held 
thus:

B

om

ba
y

H

“12.  The   moot   point   for   consideration,   therefore,   is 
where   is   the   line   to   be   drawn   between   what   are 
matters   of   religion   and   what   are   not?   Our 
Constitution­makers have made no attempt to define 
“what   religion”   is   and   it   is   certainly   not   possible   to 
frame an exhaustive definition of the word “religion” 
which would be applicable to all classes of persons. As 
has   been   indicated   in   the   Madras   case   referred   to 
above, the definition of “religion” given by Fields, J. in 
the American case of  Davis  v.  Beason1  does not seem 
to  us  adequate   or   precise.  “The   term  ‘religion'”   thus 
observed   the   learned   Judge   in   the   case   mentioned 
above, “has reference to one's views of his relations to 
his   Creator   and   to   the   obligations   they   impose   of 
reverence   for   His   Being   and   character   and   of 
obedience to His Will. It is often confounded with cults 
or   form   of   worship   of   a   particular   sect,   but   is 
distinguishable from the latter”. It may be noted that 
“religion”   is   not   necessarily   theistic   and   in   fact 
there   are   well   known   religions   in   India   like 
Buddhism and Jainism which do not believe in the 
existence of God or of any Intelligent First Cause. A 
religion undoubtedly has its basis in a system of beliefs 
and   doctrines   which   are   regarded   by   those   who 
profess that religion to be conducive to their spiritual 
well being, but it would not be correct to say, as seems 
to have been suggested by one of the learned Judges 

::: Downloaded on - 27/09/2014 21:16:46 :::

 