3. Details of Information
BACKGROUND:
Mr. Ravi Shankar Prasad, the Minister of Communications and Information Technology,
While answering questions no. 1347 on 31.07.2015.
Answer B: Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has asked M/s Bharti Airtel Limited to
submit a detailed report on the matter. In response, it is stated by M/s Bharti Airtel
Limited that a pilot test with one of its network partners using a third party solution from
Flash networks through which customers were going to be made aware of the data
usage in terms of megabytes used. It has been done solely with the object of improving
customer experience and empowering customers to manage their data usage through
suitable timely prompts in terms of volume of data used. Such solutions are already
deployed and continue to be deployed by operators globally to enhance information,
customer service and experience. Further, Bharti Airtel Limited has denied the
allegations.
For details, please find the link:
http://rajeev.in/News/Questions_Parliament/
Enactment_Privacy_Legislation_July312015.html
In light of the above background, please provide me the following information:
1) Please provide me the certified copies of the detailed report submitted by M/s
Bharati Airtel Limited to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) in this regard.
4. Application fee details
Encl. Application Fee of Rs 10/- by IPO No.32F-583353 Pay To: Accounts Officer
5. Below Items are for your kind information and consideration
a. As per section 6(3) of the RTI Act 2005, In case, the requested information is
held by another public authority,I request the PIO to transfer the application or part
of it within FIVE days and immediately inform me about such transfer.
b. As per section 7(3) of the RTI Act 2005, In case, there are further fee required to
provide the requested information, I request the PIO to inform me of the additional
fee amount along with the calculations made to arrive at the amount.
c. As per section 7(8)(iii) and 7(3)(ii) of the RTI Act 2005, I request the PIO to
inform me of the particulars of First Appellate Authority.

 